# stock-price-prediction-using-knn-algorithm-in-ML
Recent business research interests concentrated on areas of future predictions of stock prices movements which make it challenging and demanding. Researchers, business communities, and interested users who assume that future occurrence depends on present and past data, are keen to identify the stock price prediction of movements in stock markets (Kim, 2003). However, financial data is considered as complex data to forecast and or predict. Predicting market prices are seen as problematical, and as explained in the efficient market hypotheses (EMH) that was put forward by Fama (1990), the EMH is considered as bridging the gap between financial information and the financial market; it also affirms that the fluctuations in prices are only a result of newly available information; and that all available information reflected in market prices. In this project, we attempt to do such an analysis but with an emphasis of using a machine learning algorithm. We applied k-nearest neighbour algorithm in order to predict stock prices for a sample of five major companies listed on the NASDAQ stock market to assist investors, management, decision makers, and users in making correct and informed investments decisions. According to the results, the k-NN algorithm is mildly robust with a good accuracy; consequently, the results were rational and also reasonable. In addition, depending on the actual stock prices data; the prediction results were close and fairly parallel to actual stock prices. 
